The Joe Rogan experience.
They also figured out the best way to kick people in the legs. Thai boxing,
interesting elbows, the best elbows, knees and leg.
Kicks. Is that tie that's tired. Brazilian head that tired. Oh yeah.
Of course. The Brazilians, his jujitsu,
the Brazilians figured out jujitsu and the ties figured out kickboxing.
Nah, what about Krav? But God's that any good? Sure. Yeah.
You don't hear much about crop?
Well, it's a combination. It's a self-defense system. The, the, uh,
I believe it was created for the Israeli military, but what it essentially is,
is the best aspects of all these different martial arts,
like a Jeet Kune DOE a good Jewish G Cuno like Bruce Lee's idea of G condo is
like you take what's useful from whatever martial art and combine them with
[inaudible] there's some of them, you know, some are more striking base.
Some are more grappling base in terms of what they teach in their classes.
But it's essentially a combination of striking arts and
grappling arts jujitsu techniques along with karate techniques,
[inaudible] techniques. So they, they do, uh, they do real martial arts.
It's like, you see a Krav Maga expert. Like you go, oh,
well that guy is a real martial artist. It's not like watching those,
some of those Kung Fu people that do wacky. Like, I don't think that's real.
It's just noises. You're just touching the guy in the chest.
The guy's falling down. What they're doing is real stuff.
So they just combined them. Yeah.